Enova International
Data Engineer (Hybrid) 
Chicago, IL 
 
About the job

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas or take over sponsorship at this time.

About the role:

The Financial Data Engineer Team effectively and sustainably develops data strategy and supplies financial data solutions and tools across the organization. We integrate, transform, and enhance data products at both project and enterprise levels to promote streamlined processes, increased efficiencies, and more informed decision-making. This team is characterized by high energy, dynamism, and operates within a business-critical domain. This role offers an opportunity to significantly impact the data landscape, and we seek confident, experienced individuals eager to deliver financial data solutions with a proven ability to learn rapidly and execute effectively.

Responsibilities:

    Support the data needs of Strategy, Product, Compliance, Operations, Accounting, and Finance teams
    Opportunity to lead technical initiatives by architecting the solution and collaborating with team members and peers to execute the solution
    Architect, design, implement, and maintain multi-layered SQL and Python processes.
    Enhance the tooling and Python Frameworks to support complex Extract Transform Load (ETL) and/or Extract Load Transform (ELT) processes
    Act diligently to respond to urgent projects and tasks
    Troubleshooting discrepancies in existing databases, data pipelines, warehouses, and reporting
    Collaborating with principals, peers, leadership, and the business
    Work as a “full stack” Data Engineer contributing to each phase of the SDLC, building a new pipeline between two data sources or working with the business to design and develop a new dashboard
    Advise on Best Practices and innovative designs/solutions 
    Perform other functions as assigned by management to support the operation of the business

Requirements:

    A Bachelor’s degree or Masters in Computer Science, Information System, or equivalent experience.
    1-3 years of experience in financial data engineering with a focus on database related technologies
    Hands-on experience of SQL and database related technologies, particularly PostgreSQL.
    1-3 years of experience working with Cloud Data Warehouse Technologies such as Snowflake or Redshift.
    1+ years of hands-on experience working with Python
    Deep understanding of accounting principles and finance data system techniques.
    Deep understanding of object oriented programming methodologies and design patterns.
    Exposure to architecting, designing, and implementing ETL or ELT solutions with peers and stakeholders.
    Exposure to Agile methodologies.
    Ability to work off-hours as needed

Plus:

    1+ years of experience working with AWS RDS, Aurora, Lambda, S3, Apache Kafka is desirable.

Compensation:

This position includes various levels within our career ladder. The actual annual salary will be determined based on qualifications, skills, experience, and level assessed during the hiring process and may fall outside of the ranges shown. 

Budgeted annual salary ranges:

Data Engineer I: $63,000 - $84,000
Data Engineer II: $75,000 - $92,000

Additional compensation for this role may include a bonus. 